Clarified MFA steps (#5506)
mattermost/docs: source/welcome/manage-your-profile.rst

Download Google Authenticator from `iTunes <https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/google-authenticator/id388497605?mt=8>`__ or `Google Play <https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2&hl=en>`__ for your device, then:

1. In Mattermost, select your avatar, then select **Profile > Security**.
2. Under **Multi-factor Authentication**, select **Edit**.

.. image:: ../images/multi-factor-authentication.png
  :alt: Enable multi-factor authentication through your Mattermost user profile.

3. Select **Add MFA to Account**.

.. image:: ../images/add-mfa-to-account.png
  :alt: Add multi-factor authentication to your Mattermost user profile.

4. On your device, use the Google Authenticator app to scan the QR code that displays in Mattermost.
5. Enter the **MFA Code** generated by the authentication app, then select **Save**.

> Once you've set up multi-factor authentication for your Mattermost account, you'll be asked to enter a code generated by Google Authenticator, in addition to your password, to sign in to Mattermost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've set up multi-factor authentication for your Mattermost account, when you sign in to Mattermost you'll be asked to enter a code generated by Google Authenticator as well as your password.
```
